Update screen reader UX for guidance message (#2610)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-media-player/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Version       | Description                                                                                                                  |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 2.3.0 | [PR#2610](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/2610) Passed `guidanceMessage` prop to play button & Adds `aria-hidden=true` to media player placeholder guidance |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2.3.0 | [PR#2610](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/pull/2610) Add guidance message for assistive technology in Play Button and hide it in Guidance |
```

Reviewer: I feel like mentioning props and aria tags is a bit too much detail for a changelog message that needs to be understood by everyone.
